doc/lab_notebook.md, before:

#### 220512
- Extracted compressed datafile
- Test: `wc -l data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48.olp.m4 # result is 64 056 772 lines`
- Test: `head -n 15 data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48.olp.m4 # confirm 12 columns (11 some rows?)`
- Create smaller datafile: `head -n 50 data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48.olp.m4 > data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48_head_50.olp.m4`
- Test: `wc -l data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48_head_50.olp.m4 # 50 correct number of rows`
- Remove unused columns and save in new file: `awk '{print $1,$2,$6,$7,$8,$10,$11,$12}' data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48_head_50.olp.m4 > data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48_head_50_rm_col.olp.m4`

Considering the advise, I want to translate the contig string identifiers into strings to save RAM memory
- They look like "fp.3.Luci_01A01.ctg.ctg7180000038386" (first line, first column) and "fermi840434137_16102906550" (last line, first column).
- Also try an arbitraty line `sed '76939q;d' Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48.olp.m4` which gives "fp.3.Luci_04A06.ctg.ctg7180000082120" (second column).
- Another arbitrary line: `sed '26000300q;d' data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48.olp.m4`, which takes long time to run (maybe 15 minutes), gives "fp.3.Luci_09F11.ctg.ctg7180000163788" (first column)
- Idea is to simply remove non-integers. But this might take away some relevant inforamtion contained in the latters.


#### To do list
- (220512) Data should contain 11 393 435 contings. I should later check that this is indeed number of unique identifers.

Commit message:

Updated lab_nootebook with comments on overlap and edges also produced version shell script for filtering edges in test data

doc/lab_notebook.md, after:

#### 220512
- Extracted compressed datafile
- Test: `wc -l data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48.olp.m4 # result is 64 056 772 lines`
- Test: `head -n 15 data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48.olp.m4 # confirm 12 columns (11 some rows?)`
- Create smaller datafile: `head -n 50 data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48.olp.m4 > data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48_head_50.olp.m4`
- Test: `wc -l data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48_head_50.olp.m4 # 50 correct number of rows`
- Remove unused columns and save in new file: `awk '{print $1,$2,$6,$7,$8,$10,$11,$12}' data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48_head_50.olp.m4 > data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48_head_50_rm_col.olp.m4`

Considering the advise, I want to translate the contig string identifiers into strings to save RAM memory
- They look like "fp.3.Luci_01A01.ctg.ctg7180000038386" (first line, first column) and "fermi840434137_16102906550" (last line, first column).
- Also try an arbitraty line `sed '76939q;d' Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48.olp.m4` which gives "fp.3.Luci_04A06.ctg.ctg7180000082120" (76939 line, second column).
- Another arbitrary line: `sed '26000300q;d' data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48.olp.m4`, which takes long time to run (maybe 15 minutes), gives "fp.3.Luci_09F11.ctg.ctg7180000163788" (26000300 line, first column)
- Idea is to simply remove non-integers. But this might take away some relevant inforamtion contained in the latters.
- Another idea is to replace a=1, b=2, c=3,... but not sure if this would save memory.

#### 220513
Consider test file "data/Spruce_fingerprint_2017-03-10_16.48_head_50_rm_col.olp.m4"

Interpretation of "fp.3.Luci_01A01.ctg.ctg7180000038386 fp.3.Luci_02C06.ctg.ctg7180000060335 6835 7893 28201 0 1058 1058" (first row)
- After the two vertex (DNA segment=contig) identifiers we have 6835 7893 28201 meaning that the overlap starts at position (?) 6835 and ends at 7893 and the length (number of positions) is 28201
- Further 0 1058 1058 means that for the second coting we have overlap at all positions
- We note that 7893-6835=1058, which makes sense since overlap length should be the same in both cotings.
- It is written "If two DNA segments have long and significant similarity at their ends, then we create an edge between their corresponding vertice"
- We have 1058>1000 but overlap does not take place at end of first coting so no edge.
- We will write a shell script called "edges_test_file.txt" which lists lines in test data which are edges ("each line is a potential edge")
- First version "edges_test_file.txt" written (now just possible to loop the lines)

#### To do list
- (220512) Data should contain 11393435 contings. I should later check that this is indeed number of unique identifers.
